good day community today I bring you the
romex gamer this round in the tragedy not
bad memory
this the interesting thing about this rom like
I mentioned them called ex-gamer because they bring
nothing from the services of google other
play store do not bring anything even
gaps then therefore leaves us a
free memory stream to play
because what is left is the
memory that you regularly have if you
they fix this they stay alive the one of adjustments
and the keyboard
the ssd own is the one that I'm using
to to record this and so
the interesting thing about this as I said
Well, as I know, I do not play
on the cell phone but this is a very good
option
what I always recommend you do here
It is who will build number you
give about five or six taps until
this options option appears
development enter
as it is for gamers I what they
I recommend on the animation scale is
that deactivates it will feel super
fluid and gap ok probably come by
defect comes in one then activate and
well, they 're going to have the transitions
more fluid without animation and nothing the rom
not the nolan or adapt it because it was
pretty or why not bla bla bla
adapt for them to play and for the
try and you tell me if you
it works for games
then you can think about doing this
version 2 of the mixer that is either a
little bit more aesthetic
but with the architecture of this is a
project that we have pending there
yet for the time being I was telling them they do not bring
plays thor do not bring drawer
applications this that you see here is the
phone
the phone is functional there is no
no problem
so he receives calls without fights
they have the browser here
It is also fully functional and
apart is the chrome I think there is no
problem why
and here they have the courier service
that is they are basic services go with
this is how he mentioned them it is not
esthetic
to me personally if I like but not
is aesthetic is not beautiful does not have that
transitions very very parents precisely
because it is designed to release the greatest
amount of ram possible
the rom well in English come in here and what
change for that there is no problem and
now I have working this I got him 1
ball be this but if it is slow
then this is at your discretion if you
They want to change his name to
launcher or leave it this if you install in
anything is going to appear here
here is the application drawer
to put it that way
this is the gallery
that something else something very basic well
basic before I pass the foundry
I put them on but only some modules
they work here the green does not work and
fire does not work because it does not have
google services then this me
I suppose this from my point of view that
there is a crash there between him and between
green and fai services that seek
hibernate something but never will
find because it has nothing google
then it does not have play store does not bring
preloaded facebook does not bring preloaded
whatsapp do not bring anything if they want something
I left the black mart
this black mark most of those who
we play and we have time in this we know
that here are the payment applications
without any problem they are running without
Then I will leave this in
instead of the place thor to something else
important as I mentioned is gamer
again gamer gamer gamer the rom
I put a cache swap of 512
I'm going to ask you please , are you going to
install this rom make sure that in your
internal memory in the memory of
cellular have free more than a gig of
1.2 gigas of memory if you do not have it
free in that way they will be encouraged
a jet the cell phone because this soft
touch this one goes for internal memory
so if you look here I have 1.4
free here in data 1.4 live free and
it works for me normal I know it works for me
fairly good
in itself the rom is already this has been
gives to free ram with the swap or les
it's going to be great that something else is
important
good another important thing is that no
has this super youser the rom for
defect accepts all processes
If you want to download one and put on
but I really do not recommend it
because it's supposed that if you do
superuser because it is to apply this one
to run applications that are
superuser then well and good
you will know
that something else check nothing is the
rom please check the games of the
heavy games that suddenly do not
runs no other I suppose that in
this must run them as I turn them
I repeat not play in cell
I like this type of roms because I
they give a lot of performance that's why
development but I really do not use them
to play never ever on the cell 2
there they go giving him a check obviously
as they do not have this google services
the contacts of your consell loves your
account of the place lathe are going to appear
here then do if a backup of
your contacts and keep it as vf of
I think it's called this happens in the in the in
the sd card and from there they matter
to have them or if they have them in
the sim card then if you are going to read them
that's not no quarrel
what else then nothing will change
The time
it's okay
Date and Time
same and you put this up if you
they fix this is another row that brings
we can not change it now directly
It gives us close gives us force this closure
everything I do is this
he deactivated it and I put the time
I'm right now , it avoids us, it's 9 46
the morning for me
I think so and the loan date is already
four actors normally already and there
they have the time change is not
complicate a lot as I mentioned no
look for aesthetics or look for beautiful things
there this is to play nothing else if he runs
the facebook if it runs whatsapp and
obviously correct inter this but we
it comes preloaded if they want to look for
the application and from the install because
google play services is a montage
what else do I say good?
subscribe to the channel for which
they are watching the review on youtube below
there is the channel link and there we have
marrons this out there I'm seeing others
projects that is the hydro that that hydro
gamer that is totally mine is
cooked totally my own
this for me but still still not going to
leave that one will take a little longer
we are seeing the legal stock this
is giving us fights there what is the
TV
so that's why we're stopping a
but today little for now I
Interested in trying this and see what
games they run as they tell me to